docs: Improve documentation based on SRE feedback (#2534)
kyma-project/lifecycle-manager: docs/contributor/resources/02-manifest.md

        type: yaml
        version: 0.0.1-6cd5086
```

## `operator.kyma-project.io` Labels

* `operator.kyma-project.io/channel`: A boolean value. Indicates whether the module is mandatory and will be installed to all remote clusters.
* `operator.kyma-project.io/controller-name`: Indicator that the manifest controller of Lifecycle-Manager is manging the manifest.
* `operator.kyma-project.io/kyma-name`: The `runtime-id` of the Kyma.
* `operator.kyma-project.io/managed-by`: Indicator that Lifecycle-Manager is managing the Manifest.

> * `operator.kyma-project.io/module-name`: The name of the module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `operator.kyma-project.io/module-name`: The module's name.
```

## Annotations

* `operator.kyma-project.io/fqdn`: The fully-qualified domain name of the module.

> * `sync-oci-ref`: Ref of the OCM install resource that is currently installed to the SKR. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `sync-oci-ref`: A reference to the OCM installation resource that is installed in the Kyma runtime instance. 
```
